breaking news coming in right here on
the neck dog that's been a life ban
given to ash three sons remember he's
one of the tainted cricketers and he was
he was held to be guilty in the IPL
spot-fixing and the match-fixing scandal
which broke out in this season of the
IPL a live man has been given to shri
son by the BCCI this of course in the
IPL spot-fixing case uncle ron has also
been banned for life fair joining us now
with more details this is our
correspondent Nelson Guerra and he'll
give us details yes that the big
breaking news here that s true size the
rajasthan royals player and the indian
cricketer who's won two World Cups has
been handed a live band this won't be
official until the BCCI's AGM but what
we're hearing from our sources that both
s sreesanth and uncle Chavan have both
been handed a live band remember in the
Ravi Sawani report at the BCCI's own
fixie report headed by the
anti-corruption unit chief Ravi Sawani
he recommended a band of say five years
or ten years or even a live band it's
clear that the BCCI have gone for the
toughest sanction available to them that
will be made clear during the BCCI's AGM
on the set on sep tember 29th but what
we're hearing from our sources is that
both sri son and uncle Chavan the two
rajasthan royals players in fact both of
their contracts have been terminated by
the ride Star Wars but these two
particular cricketers have been or will
be handed a live band that follows the
disciplinary meeting held by the BCCI
where the Disciplinary Committee a panel
held the meeting in New Delhi and it's
clear that these are the findings that
they've come out with life bans for both
estrous aunt and uncle and can you also
explain to us what exactly does a life
and mean does it mean that they cannot
play in any other formats of cricket and
they cannot play in Belgium domestic
circuits as well just explain to us what
that means for these cricketers what
would have to wait and see exactly what
the beasts I define their life bar but
normally whenever BCCI or any other
cricket board does hand out a live band
it's to do with every single strata of
Indian cricket obviously that will mean
no part of any first-class international
or email Club crooked so it will be a
complete ban in
terms of all all types of strata of
cricket in the country but again we'll
have to wait and see until the BCCI come
out and and and explain their different
definition of what a live band
constitutes but it's clear that this is
basically the end of a shrew science
career and of course ankit chavan
remember the the IPL fixing report by
the anti-corruption unit chief Ravi
Sawani did did Collette did basically
confirm that all players involved from
the ride star wars were guilty or fixed
and there were guilty of throwing
matches and now they recommended the
punishment to the BCCI's Disciplinary
Committee and these are the findings
that our sources are telling us that
both true son and ankeet chavan will be
handed out live bands we've heard from
shushan throughout this episode continue
to claim his innocence hehe exclusively
spoke to newsx just when he was released
from from from custody he said that he
was innocent and you would continue to
fight these charges but the BCCI have
clearly completely taken umbrage with
that and they believed as many do that
he committed a huge saying a huge crime
and that's why he will be handed a life
ban hmm well I'll never now joins us
file any official word coming in from
the BCCI do we expect them to make some
sort of an announcement here to be 50 I
have in fact send out a statement you
know our conforming these bands and
they've also dungeon Shah and the host
of other bttm members this speak to us
or tambo and they and they did mention
that you know these decisions have been
taken a live band has been judged by
them for SG storms and also funky
Siobhan they have handed out a one-year
ban ball or saw 3d a five-year ban for a
maturing there has been no official it
has been taken so far as forest and the
last case both and obviously a neat
thing has been let off with a warning
for these other decisions are they are
taken and you know importantly made not
these decisions are final and binding or
the decision of the committee of final
and binding there is no need water over
them to be ratified by the Working
Committee meeting or any other meeting
so which means that
a major setback police cleared up now
has a BCCI given in any clear terms as
to what really a live band entails or to
do like them entails that you know other
brother bought you know allows retention
of the board has taken disciplinary
action against them the legal action
under and the rule of the court will
continue as it should you know the BCCI
they've maintained catalysis that you
know they have zero tolerance as far as
any of this is concerned and are here
when the police arrested you know I'm
Kiev and she stands and some bananas on
the 16th midnight of you talking about
obviously they are they brought them up
and ace submitted all the evidence or
Ravi Sawani is to get a detailed report
any submitted that report the report was
overseen by the members of the BCCI we
saw several others members in fact
interestingly n srinivasan reportedly
has had this particular meeting of the
Security Committee devil's arun jaitley
in those whose overlooking the entire
matters as the disability committees
confirmed the deadly dungeons also is
again up i was a part of the team an
onion son did not want to give away too
much after this event obviously said
that i'm sharing sharing a meeting of
this force and a host of other members
including you know like i mentioned NC
Emerson was around and also a random
Shah and let Marcus chatty so you know
it be a collective decision something
that the BCCI's was really waiting for
up you know when the hood they take
action against all over the top of the
investigations about the team took
action against them at that time also be
PCI did modes are you know I recommend
any action of the throne in them because
they were waiting for these peers to
come out today these players were
confronted on a one-on-one basis make
now they were no question door for the
shisha those questions or a good half an
hour 45 minutes then and he said I'd be
very confidently are you even any came
out he did speak to our series for some
music and II told her the TV stole them
any still maintains that he is innocent
and he says that he has faced in the
BCCI so from now on it'll be up to them
and say you know how how this so how
will i will turn would overturn the
decision it is come but also to the
interesting to see because obviously
these bands will be impossible I think
you are you know right you know from the
work well you know immediately saw from
your own you know how do you
hiding it that that that will be
interesting to watch well pile and also
uh Nelson Guerra thank you so much for
getting us those details so that's a
live band for all the cricketers who've
been found guilty of spot-fixing and
match-fixing in season six of the IPL
little